Added/updated links to cookbook about page (#21)
salesforce/einstein-platform: documentation/cookbook/about.md

date: 2024-09-09
---

The [Einstein Platform Cookbook](https://opensource.salesforce.com/einstein-platform/) is where Salesforce shares example code and recipes for building with the Einstein Platform. This website is generated based on the contents of the open source [einstein-platform](https://github.com/salesforce/einstein-platform) repository on GitHub.

> Our first batch of recipes have arrived! These recipes include step-by-step instructions for implementing the [LLM Open Connector](https://github.com/salesforce/einstein-platform?tab=readme-ov-file#llm-open-connector) with an API gateway, and each recipe features a different AI platform. More recipes are in the works featuring new AI platforms and system architectures!

Reviewer: Can we link to the rendered version of the spec instead of the README?

```suggestion
Our first batch of recipes have arrived! These recipes include step-by-step instructions for implementing the [LLM Open Connector](/docs/apis/llm-open-connector) with an API gateway, and each recipe features a different AI platform. More recipes are in the works featuring new AI platforms and system architectures!
```

Author: Oh! Good point. Yes!

> Your contributions to the Cookbook and the open-source repository are welcome! Refer to the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/salesforce/einstein-platform/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/salesforce/einstein-platform/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to get started.

Reviewer: Good catch! I renamed the main branch but forgot to update these links.
